Pegasus Wallet Privacy PolicyLast Updated on January 18, 2020This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") explains how information is collected, used and disclosed by PegasusDLT, LLC (referred herein as “Pegasus” or “Pegasus Wallet”), and applies to information we collect when you use or access our online or mobile websites or products, services or applications (collectively, the "Services"), or when you otherwise interact with us. We respect the privacy rights of users and recognize the importance of protecting information collected about you. If you use the Services as part of an organization that has an agreement with Pegasus, the terms of that organization’s contract for the Services may restrict our collection or use of your information more than what is described in this Policy.CHANGES TO THIS POLICYWe may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any changes, we will notify you by revising the "Last Updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy which can be found in the footer of online or mobile websites or products, services or applications. In some cases, we may provide you with additional email notice at the email address that you use with respect to the Services. If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you more directly by email or other means of a notice prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy whenever you access Pegasus Wallet to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. Your use of any of the Services after the posting of such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.INFORMATION COLLECTEDInformation You Provide to Us. We collect information you provide directly to us.* For example, we collect information when you register with Pegasus Wallet, create or modify your profile and online account, access and use the Services (including but not limited to when you upload, download, collaborate on or share files or other information), participate in any interactive features of the Services, participate in a survey, contest, promotion, sweepstakes, activity or event, make a purchase, request customer support, provide feedback to us, communicate with us via third-party social media sites or otherwise communicate with us.* The types of information we may collect directly from you include your name, username, email address, your picture, postal address, phone number, information about your data storage preferences, job title, transactional information (including services purchased or subscribed to and billing address) as well as any contact or other information you choose to provide. Please be aware that the information you choose to provide in your Pegasus Wallet profile or contacts may reveal or identify information that is not expressly stated (for example, if you choose to provide your picture, your picture may reveal your gender. We also store the files or other information that you upload or provide to the Services ("Content") in order to be able to provide you with the features and functionality of the Services.* You agree not to upload and/or collaborate Protected Health Information ("PHI") as defined under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability of 1996 Act as amended ("HIPAA"). Office of the Board disclaims all liability for such PHI.Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services. When you access or use the Services, we may automatically collect information about you, including:* Usage Information: We monitor user activity in connection with the Services and may collect information about the applications and features you use, the websites you visit, the sizes and names of the files or folders you upload, download, share or access while using the Services, the Content you access and any actions taken in connection with the access and use of your Content in the Services.* Log Information: We log information about you when you access and use the Services including your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, access times, browser type and language, Internet Service Provider ("ISP"), the Web pages that you visit, the Content you use and the URL of the Web page you visited before navigating to the Services.* Device Information: If you access the Services from a mobile device, we collect information about the device, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information (as allowed by the mobile network) or platform information (as allowed by the specific platform type), and location based information. We do not ask for, access or track any location based information.* Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We use various technologies to collect information, which may include saving cookies to your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us to improve the Services and your experience, customize your experience and preferences, allow you to access and use the Services without re-entering your member ID and/or password, understand which areas and features of the Services are most popular and count visits. We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as "tracking pixels"). Web beacons are electronic images (also called "gifs") that may be used in the Services or in emails that help us to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, please see "Your Choices" below.* Third party cookies: the use of cookies by third parties you may sign-in from into the Services and/or third party applications, is not covered by our privacy policy. We do not have access or control over such cookies.Information We Collect From Other Sources. We may also obtain information from third parties and combine that with information we collect through the Services. Any access that we may have to such information from a third-party social media service is in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by the social media service.USE OF INFORMATIONWe may use the information we collect about you for a variety of purposes, including to:* Provide, operate, maintain and improve the Services;* Enable you to access and use the Services, including uploading, downloading, collaborating on and sharing Content and sending emails on your behalf;* Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;* Provide and deliver the services and features you request, process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including purchase confirmations and invoices;* Respond to your comments, questions, and requests and provide customer service and support;* Communicate with you about services, features, surveys, newsletters, offers, promotions, contests and events, and provide other news or information about Office of the Board and others;* Process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and rewards;* Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Services and for marketing or advertising purposes;* Investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to the Services, and other illegal activities;* Personalize and improve the Services, and provide content, features and/or other information that match your interests and preferences or otherwise customize your experience on the Services;* Link or combine with other information we receive from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service;* Enable you to communicate, collaborate, and share files with users you designate; and* For other purposes about which we notify you.PROCESSINGBy accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries and territories, which may have different privacy laws from your country of residence.COLLABERATION AND SHARING FEATURESThe Services offer collaboration features or other integrated tools, which allow you to share your Content through the Services. As a function of the collaborative nature of the Pegasus Wallet Services and based on the permissions and settings you choose, the use of such features enables the sharing of Content with people you want to collaborate with or with the public. You can choose to change your permissions or settings in your Pegasus Wallet. For more information about such collaboration and sharing features, we encourage you to review the information provided in the Help feature of your Office of the Board.SHARING AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATIONWe will not share personal information about you or any Content with any third parties except as described in this Privacy Policy or in connection with the Services. For example, we may share personal information about you including as follows:* Vendors, Consultants and Other Service Providers: We may share your information with third-party vendors, consultants and other service providers who are working on our behalf and require access to your information to carry out that work, such as to process billing, provide customer support, etc.* For Collaboration: We may share your information, including when you choose to use collaboration features in the Services that by their nature support sharing with third parties who you choose. Your name, email address, information from your profile and any Content you choose to share will be shared with such third parties, and such third parties may communicate with you (such as by posting comments or emailing you) in connection with your use of the collaboration features of the Services such as the Consult your Colleagues feature. * Compliance with Laws: We may disclose your information to a third party if (a) we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (b) to enforce our agreements, policies and Terms of Service, (c) to protect the security or integrity of the Services, (d) to protect Office of the Board, our customers or the public from harm or illegal activities, or (e) to respond to an emergency which we believe in the good faith requires us to disclose information to assist in preventing the death or serious bodily injury of any person.* Business Transfers: We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.* Aggregated or Anonymized Data: We may also share aggregated or anonymized information with third parties that does not directly identify you.